OSDOCS-11555:Configuring network observability network policy (#79960)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-create-network-policy.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="network-observability-network-policy_{context}"]
= Creating a network policy for Network Observability

> If you want to further customize the network policy for the `netobserv` namespace, you must disable the managed installation of the policy from the `FlowCollector` CR, and create your own. You can use the network policy resource that is enabled from the `FlowCollector` CR as a starting point:

Reviewer: Actually I just remember that we create 2 network policies, one for netobserv and another for netobserv-privileged namespaces. We should call that out:

```suggestion
If you want to further customize the network policies for the `netobserv` and `netobserv-privileged` namespaces, you must disable the managed installation of the policy from the `FlowCollector` CR, and create your own. You can use the network policy resources that are enabled from the `FlowCollector` CR as a starting point:
```

Reviewer: here's the one created in netobserv-privileged:

```yaml
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: NetworkPolicy
metadata:
  name: netobserv
  namespace: netobserv-privileged
spec:
  ingress:
  - from:
    - namespaceSelector:
        matchLabels:
          kubernetes.io/metadata.name: openshift-monitoring
  podSelector: {}
  policyTypes:
  - Ingress

```

.Example network policy
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: NetworkPolicy

> metadata:
>   creationTimestamp: "2024-07-30T21:12:00Z"
>   generation: 1
>   name: netobserv
>   namespace: netobserv
>   ownerReferences:
>   - apiVersion: flows.netobserv.io/v1beta2
>     blockOwnerDeletion: true
>     controller: true
>     kind: FlowCollector
>     name: cluster
>     uid: 28bc08f8-c59e-4887-9dd0-a2d44c2248ab
>   resourceVersion: "238772"
>   uid: a8bd1226-58f9-4523-8228-28cf6b42707f

Reviewer: Some of these fields are auto-generated so we should remove them

```suggestion
metadata:
  name: netobserv
  namespace: netobserv
```
